Explain in detail each component of Hadoop 2.x:
	Components of Hadoop 2.x:
		* HDFS
		       * Name node
		       * Data node
		       * Secondary Name node
		*MapReduce
		       * Job tracker
		       * Task tracker
		* YARN
		      * Resource Manager
		      * Node Manager
	HDFS:
		 This has 3 major components
			Name Node:
				This is placed in the Master Node. Its used to store Meta Data about Data nodes.
				This manages information like location of file blocks across cluster and its permission.
				Once this process is started, the meta dats are updated for newly added or removed files.
				This process is the heart of HDFS.
				This  is a single point of failure.
				Two types of name nodes are active and standby.
			Data Node:
				This is placed in the Slave Nodes.This is used to store application data.
				Data are stored in blocks of data of size 64MB each.
				Based on the replication factor, a single block gets replicated in multiple slavenodes.
				whenever required this process handles the access to data blocks.
				This process sends heart bits to the name node inorder to keep it aware about the running slave process.
			Secondary Name Node:
				Only single instance of this process runs on a cluster.
				This is not a true backup Namenode and cannot serve primary Namenode's operations.
				It runs on different machine than the primary NameNode since the memory requirements are the same for both.
				It stores a copy of FsImage file and edits log
				Periodically refreshes the edits log.
	MapReduce:
		This has 2 major components
			Job tracker:
				This is a service that farms out all MapReduce task to different nodes in the cluster.
				This  is the service that is responsible for taking client requests.
				This  can accept map reduce jobs from the clients and run it in a distributed manner using all the cluster nodes available.
				
			Task tracker:
				This runs on DataNode. Mostly on all DataNodes.
				It is replaced by the Node Manager in MRv2.
				Mapper and Reducer tasks are executed on DataNodes and are administered by TaskTrackers.
				This will be in constant communication with the JobTracker signalling the progress of the task which is being executed
				The failure of this task tracker is not considered fatal. When this becomes unresponsive, the JobTracker will assign the task executed by this to another node.
	YARN:
		This has 2 major components
			Resource Manager:
				This runs on the master node.
				This is responsible for getting job submitted from client and schedule it on cluster there by monitoring those running jobs on clusters and allocating proper resources on slave node.
				It communicates with the Node Manager process, on the slave node to track the resource utilization.
				This uses two other processes namely, Application manager and Scheduler.

			Node Manager:
				This is a Per-Node Level component.
				This runs on the slave nodes.
				This is responsible for coordinating with Resource Manager for task scheduling and tracking the resource utilization on the slave node.
				This reports about the resource utilization back to the resource manager.
				

				